Previously on… The Curse of Strahd

Our adventure begins in the large town of Daggerford. We are three adventurers who have met and worked together previously.
Our names are Rook, Xavier and Lyra. Lady Morwen is our friend and benefactor. We are visiting with her when she describes to
us a group of people that are loitering just outside the town gates. It is Lady Morwen's wishes that we should deal with them,
as word is they have been harassing the townsfolk and are a nuisance, and for our successful efforts she will reward us.

We leave the castle and head down to the town gates, where we investigate this strange group. We are directed to the leader of
the group, who introduces himself as Stranimir. He tells us he is the leader of this group, The Vistani, they are travellers
from far off lands. He persuades us to listen to his tale and share some wine. We agree, and settle in as he recounts to us
the story of a cursed prince. The story goes like so: "A man stumbled into their camp, injured and dazed. The Vistani took him
in and nursed him back to health, learning his identity as Prince Strahd Von Zarovich. the man's assailants invaded the camp.
Strahd helped the Vistani to defend their camp, and showed off his prowess as a fighter. The Vistani then escorted the man all
the way back to his lands and upon his arrival, he told them he owed them a debt of gratitude. As thanks they are welcome to
come and go as they please from his lands, and consider themselves at home whenever they are there." Stranimir tells us that
since that day, the prince has fallen ill, and they are looking for a cure or people willing to help them search. He wants us
to join them on their journey home. We agree to do so and spend the night at their camp.

When we awaken, the Vistani are nowhere to be seen. We are alone without direction, just the three of us, in a forest shrouded
in mist. We wander a little into the mist, noticing that in some directions, the mist does not clear and instead surrounds us
further as we walk through it. We explore a ways, and discover giant statues of guards flanking either side of a huge gate. We 
proceed through the gate and walk a while along a winding path with forest on either side. We discover the body of a human 
peasant lying beside the road. He has a letter on his person which details that something terrible has befallen the town of 
Barovia, and warns that all who enter should turn back, returning only when all its inhabitants have died, and only doing so 
in order to take whatever loots might still remain. As we read this letter, we hear wolves approaching from the distance. Lyra 
hides in a tree and prepares to sneak attack as Rook and Xavier bravely face the oncoming wolves. Pretty soon into the fight 
however, we realise that these are not ordinary wolves. They are dire wolves. We decide to flee while we are still alive, and 
wind up in a dark, crumbling village. 

We proceed somewhat hesitantly through the village. At first we think it might be a ghost town, until that is we hear a 
harrowing wailing from somewhere nearby. As we walk deeper into the village, we notice a dim light coming from what appears to 
be a small shop. Lyra and Xavier decide to check out the shop while Rook investigates the source of the wailing. Inside the 
shop, Xavier and Lyra are met with a ruthlessly greedy shopkeeper, who is charging almost an arm and a leg for a single health 
potion. His philosophy is "if the people want something, they will pay for it". Lyra is vexed by the man, and almost picks a 
fight with him. But her attempts at intimidation fail when the shopkeeper calls forth his bodyguard and nephew, a great, 
stupid, lunk of a man.

Rook meanwhile has discovered the wailing to be coming from a woman in a house nearby the shop. Rook calms the woman down 
enough for her to explain the reason behind her sorrow. It is the loss of her daughter that has upset her so, and she believes 
the girl has been taken away. She is grief stricken and worried for her own safety. Rook offers to keep an eye for the woman's 
daughter and promises to bring her back if she is found. The woman thanks him, but as he leaves, she resumes her inconsolable 
state and continues to weep.

The three of us meet back up in the street and , having met nobody of any use, decide to head for the local tavern to seek 
help, food, and shelter. While inside the tavern, we meet three Vistani women who are laughing and drinking wine. We get a 
round of drinks in and the women laugh, telling us they own the place. They are more forthcoming than anyone else has been 
about where we are. They tell us that we are in the village Barovia, and that people that end up here are unable to leave. We 
tell the women we wish to seek the Burgomaster. They claim not to know where his is, but direct us to his son who is over in 
the corner.
