Previously on… The Curse of Strahd

After leaving the Madam's tent, burdened with the knowledge of our collective future, we purchase a couple of healing potions 
from the Vistani, dine with them, and then rest for a short spell whilst Tomasz regales us with a tale of a Wizard who came 
through Barovia little over a year ago. The wizard roused some of the local peasantry and stormed Castle Ravenloft. Sadly, 
their venture was unsuccessful as when faced with the beast himself, many of the peasants fled out of fear. One of the 
subsequent victims of the disaster was Priest Donavich's son, Doru, who bravely remained by the wizard's side throughout the 
battle with Strahd. Strahd struck the wizard with lightning but he still wasn't overcome. This forced Strahd to physically fly 
upon the wizard, knocking his over and causing him to fall a great height from the bridge leading to the castle, and into the 
river below. Tomasz, having witnessed this, spied an opportunity to make some coin, and went to loot the body, but the wizard 
could not be found.

Tomasz wishes us well as we hit the road. Along the way to Vallaki, we pause to inspect a strange sack strewn haphazardly at 
the side of the road. Whilst Rook inspects it, revealing the contents to be clothes suitable for an adult, Lyra hears rustling 
coming from the other side of the road. She hushes her fellow adventurers and beckons them to look toward the noise. It comes 
closer and closer, until suddenly a man bursts through the bushes, exclaiming "Oh Gods, help me!" To our dismay, he is swiftly 
followed by two dire wolves. They're like regular wolves, only dire. 

It's a fairly quick battle, nobody sustains any life-threatening damage, although Rook took the brunt of the attacks and he 
gave as good as he got, dealing the final killing blow to the last wolf. Upon the realisation that he is once again safe, the
stranger turns to us and thanks us for saving hi,. He introduces himself as Vasili Von Holtz, or Vas for short. He tells us he 
was hunting wolves with a hunting party, and that he is a man of means, as we can now clearly see from his fine garb. Without 
skipping a beat, Lyra moves in to flatter the well-dressed gentleman. Never being one to miss an opportunity to profit from a 
newly made connection, she links arms with him while attempting to charm him. Vas asks us to accompany him to Vallaki, and we 
set off together. After a while, we come across a bridge…
