Previously on… The Curse of Strahd

We look upon the bridge, which is made of stone, covered in moss and spans a chasm approximately 50ft across. Xavier attempts 
to assess its stability by gingerly taking the first step onto it. Upon further inspection, he deems it to be safe and largely 
in tact, in spite of its age. We cross the bridge and continue on our way. Vasili Von Holtz makes conversation with Xavier, 
asking about his past. Upon learning of his magical capabilities as a wizard, Vasili enquires which type of magic Xavier is 
interested in, and we learn that Vasili himself was once interested in the arcane arts. Xavier asks why he wants to know, and 
Vasili claims to be interested in interesting people.

After a short while, we happen upon another large gate, remarkably similar to the one which we came across when we first 
arrived in Barovia. We proceed through the gates, which Vasili tells us are as old as Strahd, or older. He knows not whether 
they have crumbled over the years or were simply never finished. Past the gates, we spy the windmill which the Madam cautioned 
us against entering. Somewhat hesitantly, we continue past the windmill, ignoring it… for now. This time, Vasili chats with 
Rook along the way, praising him for "saving my bacon!" We learn a little of Rook's backstory, of how his younger brother was 
assassinated. Vasili said he too once had a younger brother and that he died though not of assassination. 

We can just about make out the town of Vallaki when Lyra hears a rustle coming towards us. Within seconds, three regular 
wolves are upon us. We easily dispatch them, but these are quickly replaced by three more. And on and on it goes, until at 
last, a little worse for wear, there we stand amidst sixteen dead wolves. Wiping the sweat from our brows, we press on towards 
Vallaki, chatting some along the way. Vasili converses with Lyra this time, asking of her combat prowess and from where she 
learned to fight. Lyra brushes him off saying only that she was self-taught. Lyra then questions Vasili in return, asking what 
he does and will he offer us his hospitality when we reach Vallaki. He explains that his home is in no state for visitors, he 
knows not where his house-staff are, and he has no family left. This strikes Lyra and Xavier as suspicious. The two share a 
meaningful glance, causing Lyra to nod, then distract Vasili, in order to check on his neck for puncture wounds. She 
compliments the craftsmanship of his fine garments, whilst feeling his collar to disguise her true in tent. She sees nothing 
out of the ordinary. 

Shortly afterwards, the group arrive at the entrance of Vallaki. Vasili chats with the guards who proceed to permit us entry. 
Vasili leads us to the town inn, and pays us with unusual Barovian coins before taking his leave. He tells us he'll meet with 
us again later on. We make our way into the inn, and get the attention of the inn-keep. We rent two rooms, one for the ladies, 
one for Ismark and Xavier, and Rook takes a lodging in the bunkhouse. We then proceed to the bar for the evening.
