Previously on… The Curse of Strahd

While down in the bar, we order some drinks and happen to meet a man who is putting up a poster. Her introduces himself as 
Urwin Martikov. He runs the bar along with his wife, Danika. We ask about the poster, which advertises a festival, attendance 
compulsory. Urwin does not seem happy about the festival, but says it is by order of the Baron.

We leave Urwin to his work and go to speak with some of the other patrons of the bar. Two of which are Nikolai and Karl, 
brothers. They are very well dressed and tell us that they are from good stock, and that they do little other than drink, play 
pranks, and then drink some more. We ask about the festival, and they tell us that the Baron holds festivals once a week, 
every week, in an attempt to improve the spirits of the township. Nikolai and Karl explain that some think the Baron's efforts 
are noble, whereas others believe it is foolish and a waste of time, the brothers and their mother included. At this point, 
having overheard our conversation, Danika pauses from her duties as barmaid and comes over to ask us to please not discuss the 
festival any further during the bar's opening hours. We offer our assistance to her, to which she insists not right now but 
perhaps later. Nikolai and Karl point out two other patrons and tell us that those are the men to speak to if we wish to learn 
more about how to handle wolves.

Szoldar Szoldarovich and Yevgeni Krushkin are their names, and they are hunters. The best around, or so they tell us. We ask 
about the windmill, they tell us only that nobody goes there, and that they have seen dark shadows of hunched over humanoids 
lurking around the site. The hunters agree to answer our questions over a round of drinks. We ask questions based upon the 
clues in our fortune telling. We seek the master of the marsh, a priest and a wizard. The hunters are able to tell us of a 
marsh not too far from here, but not of its master. They indicate its placement on our map, as well as telling us of a mad 
mage north of the lake, and a priest within the town of Vallaki. They also give us some tips in regards to the wolves. That 
is, try to prevent them from approaching in packs and tread lightly on our travels. Just as our conversation draws to a close, 
so too does the evening. The bar is closing up for the night. Once the last patron has filed out of the bar, Urwin Martikov 
sidles up along side of us and informs us a bit more regarding the festivals and the baron that holds them. Martikov does not 
think the Baron to be an evil man, but he does question his sanity. We resolves to meet with the Baron and assess the 
situation for ourselves. Perhaps as outsiders we could talk some sense into him. Martikov tells us that getting an audience 
with the Baron should be easy as we are new in town and he shall want to meet us.

We retire to our rooms after this. Lyra has a brief chat with Ireena, who has been reading in her room quietly. She wishes to 
know of the townspeople, whether they seem decent and amiable. Lyra assures her they have been more agreeable thus far, and 
that tomorrow we shall seek out some accommodation for Ireena, and go to meet the town's priest.

In the morning at breakfast we are met by a new face. The man introduces himself as Rictavio the Magnificent. He arrived in 
Barovia in a similar way to us, only without the Vistani's involvement apparently. He seems to be stuck, much like we are. He 
is a bard, but can apparently fend for himself, and has pretty bad-ass weapon. We invite him to tag along with us to meet the 
Baron, and potentially to assist us in our overarching goal of defeating Strahd.

We we enjoy our food, we chat further with Rictavio, and agree to assist one another generally, as common newcomers to this 
land. He tells us what he knows of Count Strahd. Stories of him are conflicting, apparently, but the bard believes Strahd is 
indeed a vampire, and according to his research, is over three hundred years old. The bard would like us to keep an eye out 
for historical literature for him. We thank him and bid him adieu.
