Previously on… The Curse of Strahd

Father Petrovich asks us to return at evening mass to collect the holy water that he shall prepare for us. We then leave the 
church and head to the stockyard to see if we can find health potions for sale. On the way, we pass the inn and spot Rictavio 
the Magnificent. He tells us of a toyshop owned by a Mr. Belinsky. He suggests that we visit him as he is a lonely man. His 
toys are somewhat unorthodox. Rictavio tells us he owns a monkey named Piccolo that is being cared for by Mr Belinsky. 

We proceed to Arasek's Stockyard and meet the proprietor, Gunther Arasek. We barter with him, asking for favourable price in 
return for services or errands. He asks for a barrel of Champ du Grapes and or Dragon Crush. We club together to buy a healing 
kit, and then head back out. Along the way we inspect Rictavio's wagon. Xavier tries to listen inside of the wagon, but as he 
does so, something snarls and lurches forward, knocking the wagon forward and giving us a start. We decide to leave whatever 
it is be and to ask Rictavio about it later.

As we head back through the town, we see people in stocks wearing donkey masks. Nearby we come across an old woman begging. 
She claims to be too weak to collect sticks for the upcoming festival and therefore cannot earn any coin. Xavier obliges, but 
quickly moves on when the old woman tries pushing her luck. We decide to proceed to the Burgomaster's house, and ask a guard 
for directions. We head to the Baron's home, knock at the door and are received by a young woman. She leads us into a carpeted 
den featuring a large and intimidating stuffed brown bear. We take a seat and wait for the Baron. When he joins us in the 
waiting room, we all introduces ourselves. He wants to know what it is we are here in Vallaki for, and so we explain about 
Ireena and Ismark, and tell him of our aim to vanquish Strahd. The Baron tells us it is a tall order, but after viewing our 
credentials and hearing of the vampires nested in the coffin maker's workshop, he offers to at least assist us with a group of 
his finest guards to remove said vampires.
