Previously on… The Curse of Strahd

Lyra awakens early the next day, and goes along to the church to pick up Yeska and take him to breakfast at the inn. The pair 
make idle chit-chat along the way. Meanwhile, Rook and Xavier awaken and get ready for the day. As Rook pulls on his 
chainmail, a letter flutters to the floor. It is written in cursive script on aged but fine parchment, and is emblazoned with 
a red wax seal. It is a dinner invitation from Strahd himself. Rook and Xavier head downstairs as Lyra and Yeska walk in. 
Breakfast arrives and as we eat, Rook and Xavier hand the letter over to Lyra. They discuss the circumstances in which it was 
found and whether of not to proceed. Xavier takes two sausages from Yeska's plate and pops them in the young lad's ears, and 
says "the grown ups are talking". 
"What?" asks Yeska, unable to hear.

As we deliberate and review our fortune telling and points of interest, Rictavio appears at our table. We show him the letter 
and discuss our options with him. We decide to head to the marsh first and delay making a final decision concerning the 
invitation. Rictavio tells us he had a chance to consult his journals, and tells us that vampires, all kinds, can't stand 
running water - a river, or stream. Something about the cleansing power of running water. He also tells us that stakes through 
the heart only kill a vampire if it is at rest. Xavier gets up to chat with Urwin Martikov and he warns of the ruins of an old 
village near the marsh. Evil takes root there. He also tells us horses are not in abundance, and that we ought to ask the 
Vistani. Lyra gives Yeska his present. Upon opening it, he grins and says "Ooh! …What is it?" Lyra explains that it is a 
slingshot and teacher him how to use it. He is very excited and when he retrieves the marble he shot, and notices it is an 
eyeball, he thinks it is extra cool. 

We take Yeska back to the church. Lyra makes him promise not to hit Father Petrovich with it, and if he must hit anyone else, 
do it out of sight of Father Petrovich, lest he may confiscate it. Yeska is excited to shoot rats with it. We then set off to 
leave Vallaki. The guards wish us safety and tell us nothing unusual has been happening at that gate since we arrived. We set 
off for the marsh and a short way along the road, we come across another Vistani camp. Just outside it, we meet Nil. He is a 
bit shifty but we cannot discern anything malicious about him. He is a dusk elf, and tells us to speak to Kasimir, the elder, 
if we wish to know more (Lyra knows that Dusk Elves are an ancient elven race and are basically extinct back home). We proceed 
to the eastern most house, and inside we meet a hooded figure. He tells us we may take a rest if we wish. We ask what happened 
here, and we explain that in our homeland his kind are thought to be extinct. Kasimir tells us that they are not, but that 
they are not to last either. All that is left of the dusk elves of Barovia are the menfolk. Strahd killed all their women and 
children. Kasimir's sister fell in love with Strahd a couple hundred years past. The dusk elves feared she would turn and 
become another force for evil. They couldn't allow this, and so regretfully they had to kill her. But she visits Kasimir in 
his dreams of late, dreams of a place in the hills with amber doors, a place that may resurrect her. If we were to go to this 
place, Kasimir would like that we take him with us. We agree.

We then leave to seek the Vistani, and their horses. As we approach the largest tent, we see a young man being lashed with a 
whip. We enquire as to why and it seems the young man was looking after a young girl, but he got drunk and she has 
disappeared. He claims to not remember what happened. The girl is 7 and the niece of Arrigal, brother of Luvash, the girl's 
father. She has not disappeared before. We go to speak to young man. Xavier throws a bucket of water on him and he screams in 
pain. Arrigal and Luvash tell us that was a week's worth of vinegar. Alexis, the boy, seems to be ignorant, so we investigate 
the tent where Arabelle was seen last. Xavier finds a three point fishing hook caught in her pillow. We show this to Luvash, 
he agrees that it is strange and asks us to look for her. We agree to do so and ask for something to show her when we find her 
so that she will trust us. He gives us a card, Arabelle's card, and tells us she'll recognise it. Xavier keeps the card safe 
with the hook. 
