Previously on… The Curse of Strahd

When we awaken the next day at first light, Ismark tells us to ready our things. We do so and find Ismark helping Ireena to 
don a very flashy and engraved suit of armour. Ireena retrieves a large sword from the mantle and sheathes it on her back. We 
help to carry the coffin and proceed out of the house and through the streets to the church. Donavich meets the procession at 
the front of the church and leaders us to the graveyard. When we reach the graveyard, we note that it is far larger than a 
village the size of Barovia would ordinarily reasonably require. The graves are also very tightly packed. Donavich begins to 
read the rites from a large tome. 

As the funeral is conducted, the priest begins to falter and his words become stuttered. He apologises, saying it is hard to 
focus with all the wolves watching him. We look around and spy 12 wolves encircling us. The rain pours and thunder cracks. 
Just then, a lightning strike flashes and we spot the a humanoid silhouette amongst the wolves. A raven swoops down from the 
church and lands on Rook's shoulder. It looks us over inquisitively. Ismark tells us the raven is purported to be a good omen.

After the ceremony is over, Donavich tells us that perhaps we would be best to take Ireena to the village of Krezk as it has 
its own monastery and therefore ought to be safer. Ismark disagrees, insisting that Vallaki is much closer and therefore the 
best choice. 

We are about to set off on our journey to Vallaki when Lyra spots an old woman pushing a cart through the town. Ismark 
recognises her but does not know her. Lyra begins to walk towards the woman. As she nears, Lyra sees the old woman knock on a 
door. It opens, and we witness an exchange of words and gestures take place. The old woman passes the resident a package, and 
after a moment of hesitation, the resident reluctantly hands over a young child who appears to be her son. The old woman 
shoves the unwilling child into a sack inside the cart she is pushing. Lyra is disgusted by this entire event and implores 
Ismark and the others to intervene on moral grounds. Rook immediately agrees and together they confront the old woman. The old 
woman is unreasonable, but eventually agrees to sell the boy to Rook for 5 gold pieces. Lyra then takes the young boy home. 
She knocks at the door, but there is no answer. She knocks a second time, but when there's still no response, she kicks the 
door down, revealing the boy's parents have passed out, completely comatose on some kind of narcotics. Lyra turns to the boy 
and asks if there are any other family members or friends he could stay with. We find his neighbour, who has a young daughter 
himself. He has pity on the young boy and agrees to take him in. 

After seeing the boy safely inside, we set off for Vallaki. On our way, we happen upon a crossroads. To the right, there is a 
gallows and a path towards a pool (Tser Pool, according to Ismark's Map). To the left, the road to Vallaki. We decide to 
investigate the right hand path, and as we proceed, Lyra notices the once empty gallows are now filled. A body hangs suspended 
from the noose. As Lyra moves closer to inspect the corpse, it appears to be her own visage. Somewhat disturbed but not 
convinced, Lyra moves to cut the arm of her doppelganger, but as she lays he hands on the body, it melts away. It was an 
apparition of some kind.

We continue along the path towards Tser Pool. And who should we find there? More Vistani! We ask if we might trade with them, 
specifically for health potions, but are told we must first be approved. For this, we are ushered to "the Madam". She is a 
fortune teller, a see-er. When we speak to her, she reads our future. She warns us of "the Devil". He is trapped and tires of 
native souls. The Madam explains to us that the Vistani ferry new souls to Barovia in exchange for being left alone. She tells 
us to make use of Strahd's hubris. She also warns us not to approach the windmill on our way to Vallaki. We ask about the 
apparition, and the Madam believes it to be Strahd's doing, an attempt to scare us or show off his power. We must remember 
this information, so Lyra makes a note of it in her journal.
