Previously on… The Curse of Strahd

We meet the Burgomaster's son, whose name is Ismark. We tell him about the letter we found on the body of the peasant just 
inside the large gates outside of town. Ismark explains that the letter was from his father, and was supposed to be placed at 
the gates by one of his servants, who unfortunately appears to have perished along the way. We explain to Ismark the nature of 
our situation, how we came to be here by way of the Vistani. We wish to get back home, but apparently are unable to do so. 
Ismark tells us this is the doing of Strahd, that nobody is allowed to leave without his express permission.  It has been this 
way for a long time, ever since Strahd rose to power. We suggest that perhaps we can defeat Strahd somehow, and end this 
tyranny. Ismark eventually agrees to assist us in our quest to defeat Strahd, on the condition that we help move his sister 
Ireena, to a safer village. He is greatly worried for her well-being because Strahd seems to have taken a liking to her and 
has visited her recently. He has in fact, bitten her. We ask Ismark about his father, the Burgomaster, and he tells us the man 
is sadly no longer with us. We decide to go and speak to Ireena about moving her to safety so that Ismark may accompany us on 
our journey. When we speak to Ireena however, she refuses to move until her late father has been buried in consecrated ground. 

We go to the church to discuss this matter with the priest, Donavich, but when we arrive the man is full of woe. He tells us 
that he is a failure and a terrible person, and when we press him for further information, he eventually explains to us that 
his son turned into a vampire after a failed attempt to assail Strahd's keep. His son, Doru, is being kept locked away in the 
cellar of the church, preventing him from being able to feed. We assuage the priest's guilt, telling him that though he was 
faced with a task no father could tolerate, he has done what he thought was right and therefore has acted honourably. Donavich 
understands and appears to feel somewhat relieved of his suffering. We offer as delicately as we can to "dispatch" Doru, that 
he may finally rest in peace. The priest reluctantly agrees, giving us the key to the cellar. 

Down in the cellar we face Doru, or what's left of him. He is wild and ravenous with hunger, desperate to feed. After a brief 
exchange with him, we realise there is no hope for the young man, and we begin to attack. However he is surprisingly 
resilient, and during the battle he takes advantage of our mistakes. He seizes an opportunity to escape through the trap door 
we entered through and we struggle to clamour up the stairs after him. After a moment which feels like an age, we manage to 
catch up to him just enough to finish the job, and he perishes in the street down from the church. Once Doru is dead, we 
collect the body and carry him back into the church, throwing him down the stairs and back into the cellar. After this, we 
return to Donavich. He is upset but relieved by the news of his son's "passing". We discuss again Ireena's desire for her 
father to have a proper burial. Donavich agrees to inter the remains of the late Burgomaster, Kolyan Indirovich, and asks that 
we return tomorrow morning. We retire to Ismark's home, and rest a while. 

At midnight, we are awoken and Ireena beckons us to follow outside towards the church. We see a glowing line leading right out 
from the church, through the town, and off into the distance. According to Ireena, this is a procession of souls, lost 
adventurers, and previous would-be heroes such as ourselves. Every night, they go to Ravenloft.
