Previously on… The Curse of Strahd

Immediately after the last vampire perishes, we take a moment to catch our breath. Rook tells us that during the fight he 
realised the stakes seemed to prevent the Vampires from regenerating their health, thus weakening them. We then quiz Izek as 
to how he is feeling. We encourage him to seek help for his vampire wound and he tells us he will get the Father Petrovich's 
blessing. He then order that Henrik Van Der Voort (the coffin maker) be taken to the Baron

We return to the inn when Rictavio is awaiting us at a round table. Over a mug of wine we try to subtly interrogate him as to 
the contents of his wagon. He persuades us to indulge him in a guessing game, and after a few attempts, Rictavio tells us that 
Rook's guess was correct - it is a sabre tooth tiger! Rictavio found it as a kitten and is trying to train it. He asks about 
or day and is equally interested in the so-called vampires we have slain. He believes them to be demi-vampires, vampire spawn 
perhaps, as we killed them with regular steel weaponry. According to Ricktavio, full vampires would only be vulnerable to 
enchanted, magical blades and arrows. He continues and tells us that vampires are not weak to garlic, but are weakened by 
blessed religious symbols (amulets/talismans). We promise to visit him again tomorrow to see if he can recall any more 
information on vampires once he has had a chance to review his journals.

We the head out to the toy store. Lyra knocks loudly on the front door, and a window form the second floor opens. Belinsky the 
toy maker appears, and asks if we wish to buy a toy. We begin to say that we wish to browse but actually that's not the main 
reason we are here, but upon hearing that we are potential customers, he flies downstairs to let us in. Lyra wishes to 
purchase a toy for the young boy Yeska (from the church). The toys in this store are most unusual, and it is a struggle to 
find something that isn't creepy. Eventually Lyra asks Belinsky if he has something in the way of a slingshot, to which he 
excitedly brings one forth, though upon inspection instead of marbles for ammo, it uses glass eyes. Lyra decides this is as 
suitable as she's going to get, so she purchases it. Lyra also asks if she can commission Belinsky to fashion her a cymbal 
banging monkey. Belinsky is thrilled with this idea and wonders why he never thought of it himself. Lyra tells him he can keep 
the rights to her intellectual property, so long as she receives the prototypes for free. It's a deal!

As we turn to leave, we spy a doll that look eerily similar to Ireena. We question Belinsky, who strikes us as most innocent 
and can tell us only that this is the twelfth incarnation of the doll, and that it was commissioned by Izek (the Baron's 
henchman). Belinsky shows us his sketches of previous incarnations of the doll, and they look increasingly like Ireena's 
visage with each new iteration. We ask if we could have the latest doll, but he refuses and says Izek would be very mad. He 
could make us another one, but then he wouldn't be able to work on the monkey. We thank Belinsky for his help and make our way 
out of the store and towards the church to attend the evening mass and collect the holy water from father Petrovich.

Inside the church we see the little boy, Yeska, handing out bread, and Father Petrovich is comforting an elderly lady. Xavier 
strides over an interrupts, asking Petrovich when he will be free to talk. The father says he will be free in thirty minutes. 
The old woman, named Wilhelmina, is upset because her son, Udo, was recently taken by the Baron. "Somewhere nice?" asks Xavier 
callously. Lyra slaps some sense into the lady and tells her to get a grip, allowing us a moment with Father Petrovich. We ask 
after the holy water and Lyra asks when would be the best time to present Yeska with the gift she has bought. Father says the 
morning would be best, and gives Lyra permission to take the boy for breakfast at 7am. The old woman Wilhelmina accosts us 
soon after and asks us to help free her son, Udo. Lyra slaps her again when she becomes hysterical, and we promise to petition 
the Baron for Udo's release, as he is the only shoe maker in Vallaki, and surely shoes would increase the happiness of the 
other citizens! Shortly after, the Father hands us the holy water; one pint each. Five in total, including one for Ismark and 
Ireena. He also tells Rook that if he can find some powdered silver, he can teach him how to make holy water.

We return to the inn. The wolf hunters are here again, as well as the prankster bros. We order some drinks and before long a 
little bet arises. Karl and Nikolai the pranksters challenge us to game; Karl vs. Lyra, in a game of switch-the-drinks. Karl 
steals the drink of a crippled man, and Lyra steals the drink of Wilhelmina who has come to the bar to drown her sorrows. Lyra 
is successful and ties with Karl in the first round of the challenge. In the second round however, she comes first after 
soliciting an exceedingly drunk man, and switching his hat with an empty mug. Karl is so impressed that he refuses to even 
attempt to beat Lyra and pays up. Lyra asks Martikov why he wanted us to find Bluto and Martikov reminds us that Bluto was a 
regular until recently.
