Previously on… The Curse of Strahd

As we head out of the Blue Water Inn, Martikov catches us and asks if we can please keep an eye out for a large, balding man 
with grey pallor. His name is Bluto and he works on the lake. We agree to do so, then head out to the church. It is surrounded 
by a fence of wrought iron aside a cluster of gravestones shrouded in mist. We enter the church and find that it is similar to 
the one in Barovia, albeit in a better state of repair. Just inside, we spy a small boy sweeping and an old man in white and 
blue vestments standing at the altar. Lyra intentionally walks in so silently that she startles the old man. Off to great 
start, we request the priest's help in finding a place of safety for Ireena. Father Petrovich says he has rooms available and 
when we ask how safe they are, he says they are as safe as any other Vallaki buildings. Lyra remembers the church in Barovia 
village and asks if we could make this church safer somehow. With some persuasion, Lyra convinces Father Petrovich that our 
intentions are honourable. He tells us the church used to be on hallowed ground until the bones went missing. He suspects the 
groundskeeper to be involved, as his behaviour has changed recently. 

Before we head outside to seek the groundkeeper, we speak to the little boy sweeping. His name is Yeska and is very sweet in 
nature. Lyra finds out from Yeska that the groundskeeper is named Milivoj and that he is a bit of a grouch. According to 
Yeska, Milivoj hasn't been attending evening sermons recently. As thanks for being such a good boy, Lyra gifts two silver 
pieces to Yeska who is now overjoyed.

We go and find Milivoj in the graveyard. He believes in coin more than the sanctity of the church grounds. He is of very 
little help and in great need of some "convincing". Lyra sends him a clear, pointed message using her dagger to intimidate 
him. He confesses to stealing and selling the holy bones to "the coffin man". This leads us to the coffin maker's workshop, 
but when we knock, he refuses to let us in. Xavier knocks incessantly and petitions him to open the door, but he refuses to 
relent. Rook decides to kick the front door down, and Lyra picks the rear door's lock. Upon gaining entry, we confront the old 
coffin maker. His name is Henrik Van Der Voort. He tells us there are vampires upstairs, and Rook confirms this using his 
divine sense. Lyra sneaks upstairs to retrieve the bones and we return them to the church right away. Father Petrovich thanks 
us and promises to inter them before nightfall. He also promises to assist us by preparing us each a flask of holy water, and 
he answers our questions. He tells us the Baron has reason to be agreeable with us as without a township, he has nothing to be 
Baron of.
