Previously on… The Curse of Strahd

We continue our conversation with the baron. After he agrees to supply us with a group of his guards, Xavier questions the 
Baron as to why so many citizens are being held in the stocks in the town square. The Baron claims to be exercising a strict 
hand in doling out punishments, although he nearly relents by agreeing with Xavier that mercy must also be used frequently. He 
invites us to dine with him, so we stay for lunch. We talk to the Baron about the festivals, and he informs us of his theory 
that happiness is the cure, the answer to defeating Strahd. As we dine, we spy the Baron's wife. She is enjoying tea and cake 
with a small group of ladies. When she is finishing eating, she pushes her plate away, stands us and tells the ladies it is 
time for them to leave, and would they please see themselves out as she is fatigued. She then retires to her room. The second 
she is gone, the ladies stuff the remaining food into their pockets before scurrying out of the mansion.

The Baron's henchman and Captain of the guards, Izek Strazni, walks in and the Baron informs him of the vampires we found, 
telling him he and some other men are to accompany us to the coffin maker's workshop and dispatch the beings. Lyra petitions 
the Baron for some additional help in the way of complementary health potions in return for their help in this matter. A man 
meets us on our way out of the mansion and delivers us two health potions. Izek asks us if we are ready to proceed, to which 
we nod. 

Inside the coffin maker's workshop, Rook uses his divine sense once again to detect evil in five places. The first four are 
upstairs, and we presume those to be the vampires. The fifth is a weaker evil, and appears to be emanating from the coffin 
maker himself. In order to assess whether or not he has been turned, we look for his reflection using Lyra's hand mirror, and 
Rook places a silver piece forcefully into the palm of the man's hand. Satisfied that he is not a vampire, we move to gingerly 
ascend the stairs. We debate how best to approach the vampires, and decide to combine our two options. Rook goes back 
downstairs and fashion some stakes from the legs of a table, then distributes them amongst us. When we enter the room housing 
the vampires, we see many crates. With the help of Rook's divine sense, we are able to determine which ones hold a vampire, 
and so we spread out in teams of two, each of us and Izek with a guard at our side. 

We synchronise our movements, each pair ready to strike at once. On three, we all simultaneously begin nailing the crates 
shut, pouring a half pint of oil on top and then setting fire to them with lit torches. As the first nails are driven into the 
crates the vampires stir , but they do not awaken until the second set of nails are hammered in. We act quickly, setting the 
crates alight as the vampires begin trying to escape. One vampire succeeds, and we attack him immediately. Eventually a second 
vampire breaks free. We continue our attacks, but during the process Izek is bitten by one of the vampires. Lyra gets a 
critical hit on that vampire and Izek gets an enraged critical hit on the vampire that Rook is fighting.  A fourth vampire 
escapes and kills a guard. The second vampire is attacking Rook, and just about to sink its teeth into him when Xavier 
unleashes a rockin' magic missile spell and three giant shards of light erupt through the vampire's chest and neck. He is 
finished! Rook attacks another vampire, driving a stake into the back of its chest and then uses his bonus action to hit his 
hammer against that very stake for a further 14 points of damage. Lyra takes a huge hit and drops from 22 to 8 health points, 
then unleashes hellish rebuke in response. 

At the end of the fight, we are all still standing, though the same cannot be said for the guards, who lost two of their men. 
